[prometheus] Bump chart dependencies, Bump minimum kubeVersion (#3726)
prometheus-community/helm-charts: charts/prometheus/README.md

_See [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._

### To 24.0

Require Kubernetes 1.19+

> Release 1.0.0 of the _alertmanager_ replaced from [configmap-reload](https://github.com/jimmidyson/configmap-reload) to [prometheus-config-reloader](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/tree/main/cmd/prometheus-config-reloader).
> Extra command-line arguments specified via configmapReload.prometheus.extraArgs are not compatible and will break with the new prometheus-config-reloader, refer to the [sources](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/cmd/prometheus-config-reloader/main.go) in order to make the appropriate adjustment to the extea command-line arguments.

Reviewer: Thank you, @arukiidou, for your PR.

```suggestion
Release 1.0.0 of the _alertmanager_ replaced [configmap-reload](https://github.com/jimmidyson/configmap-reload) with [prometheus-config-reloader](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/tree/main/cmd/prometheus-config-reloader).
Extra command-line arguments specified via `configmapReload.prometheus.extraArgs` are not compatible and will break with the new prometheus-config-reloader. Please, refer to the [sources](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/blob/main/cmd/prometheus-config-reloader/main.go) in order to make the appropriate adjustment to the extra command-line arguments.
```
